Ouch.
What's the matter with your champion son?
Why was the grade cancelled?
Are you still not allowed to participate in the Olympics?
Hey, didn't you say you want to ban us? What's the matter?
Are you so cruel that you won't even let your son go?
Oops Mr. Customer
Why did the insurance committee cancel my son's grades?
Why is it still banned?
I don't know what happened.
I didn't get the message.
Don't worry
I'll have a smell.
Mr. Jakes
Oh, I see.
It must be Zhao Ruolan, a bargain
Break things during the game
Let the president of the Olympic Committee know
He was angry.
It was cancelled along with my son's grades.
I see
Mom, you bitch made me miserable
The hero is in my Zhao family ancestral hall and is a member of my Zhao family